10/14/21
	I intend to figure out how to spawn 
	creatures tonight, and even attach that
	ability to a weapon. 
	
	Zoo Monster Names:
		Monster_Berserker
		Monster_Grunt
		Monster_Gunner
		Monster_Gladiator
		Monster_Scientist
		Monster_Sentry
		
		Monster_BossBuddy
		Monster_Fatty

	Zoo Guest Names:
		NA

10/21/21: 
	Recap from previous week. I should clarified that
	my goal was to figure out how to spawn things
	with a weapon or some sort of activation in the 
	game world that was not console commands. I failed
	but learned a little more about how the game loads 
	things in. I also took a look at some of the maps. 
	Some other ones might be better but that is not a 
	priority at the moment. I am more concerned with the
	deliverables.
	
	Ideas: 
	
	If I can figure out where the hud's health 
	counter	is adjusted in the code, I can use
	that to represent the money and delete the rest of 
	the hud in the GUI editor. 

	If I figure out how the escape button is binded
	to bringing up the pause menu in game I can copy and
	paste an existing menu gui to create my own ingame
	menu. However figuring out how to assign tasks to
	buttons may be a challenge.

10/23/21
	Most commands are numbered seen as numbered impulses,
	found in "UsercmdGen.h". 
	Impulses are taken into idPlayer::PerformImpulse()
	which has a switch statement that executes functions
	based on the impulse.
	
10/27/21
	Quake has so many macros. There are macros that create
	more macros. I am not 100% sure what 
	#define CLASS_PROTOTYPE(classname)
	does. It lists out static and virtual classes that
	also use CLASS_PROTOTYPE. Ugh
	
10/28/21
	Professor explained the CLASS_PROTOTYPE issue. 
	Also the gui code is the key to understanding the button 
	pressing. The gui editor.

	Inside the mainmenu gui is where the game picks the map afer
	the player starts the a new game. Here you can also call 
	any console commands you'd like on game start. Halleluja

	
10/30/21
	I wish I had opened the gui and map codes sooner. It helped put a 
	lot of puzzle pieces together. I added a console command and a key
	action that print out the player location. "gameLocal" is the global
	variable in which most game adjustments can be made, also where you
	can GetLocalPLayer(). I still have not figured out how to call console
	commands from the code, say for an impulse or a gun-fire, but I think
	I can break down how the console command is using the code and just
	rewrite it my own way. I also messed with moving in game objects in 
	the map code. For some reason, at times when moved/rotated objects become
	invisible; this also happens when I try to add new objects. I think
	it is an issue with the textures that are applied to the models. I 
	have not figured out how those interact yet.
	
	Another thing I noticed was that my hud adjustments were not showing
	up in game when I switched the starting map. I found out that in the
	code, during that campaign mission, the player is defined as a strogg
	instead of a marine. When I defined the player as a marine it showed
	the correct hud that I had been messing with.
	Progress is finally being made.


	

		
















HELP FOR SHMUCKS:

FIND_DEF_FILES:
	This PC
	Bootcamp
	Program Files (x86)
	Steam
	steamapps
	common
	Quake 4

WHAT_TO_SWAP:
	gamex86.dll 
	from 
		git WIN32 folder  
	to 
		game000.pk4 in myFirstMod folder

